-: Welcome back.
In this section we are going to learn about ingress groups
and also implement a practical demo for ingress groups.
So, without ingress groups
we used to define our configurations
in a single ingress resource.
So let's understand what is the drawbacks of
not using ingress groups in a larger configurations.
So example, like in our current use cases
we have app one, app two, and then app three applications
and we have their own deployment and then note
port service Kubernetes manifest.
And for all these three apps,
we used to have a single ingress resource.
Maybe, my apps is the ingress resource name.
And for these three apps
the routing rules we have defined in a single file.
So single ingress resource
for all three apps we have created so far.
And, any changes to any of these apps
you need to go into that respective ingress resource.
For all the three apps you have only one ingress resource
and you need to go inside that ingress resource
update that and then deploy those changes.
And the important thing here is,
if you have three apps
it is fine, but if we have 50 apps or hundred apps
and all these hundred apps needs different rules embedded
in your application load balancer
and those rules need to be managed
in a single ingress Kubernetes manifest.
So if that is the case then, maintaining that single
file becomes tedious and also confusing.
So the ingress groups concepts helps us
in segregating the
config in different files
with the different ingress resource names.
But you can merge them together to
create a single application load balancer.
So with ingress groups, we can simplify our
Kubernetes ingress manifest when dealing with
multiple apps requiring a single application load balancer.
So with ingress groups what happens is,
so you can see you have app one, app
two, and app three related deployment
and note port service related Kubernetes manifest.
So for app one you'll create the app one ingress resource
and you'll define the app one related rules only
inside that.
And for app two,
you will define the app two ingress resource
and you'll define the app two related rules inside that.
And for app three also, you'll do the same thing.
So these three are three different Kubernetes manifests
and now
all together, right?
Using the ingress groups concept
and using the ingress group annotation.
So you will group them together
with my apps dot whatever the name you want.
So these ingress resources
from web are whatever it is, right?
So I just gave the name as my apps dot web for my group.
So which means I'm going to have a ingress group annotation
in ingress service app one ingress, app two ingress, and
app three ingress.
And I'm going to say all these three ingress belong
to my apps dot web ingress group.
And in addition to that, I am also going to
define the priority for these ingress rules.
So I'm going to say app one ingress is going to
have priority 10 app to English is going to have priority 20
and app three is going to have priority 30.
So at this point what happens is, in the
application load balancer, it is going to
put the rules in that same order.
And in addition to that, so you are calling
from application load balancer perspective this
as a priority, but from ingress perspective you call it
as ingress group order, right?
So you need to define the ingress group order
as 10 ingress group order as 20 and ingress group order
as 30 and there will be times you call it as a
rule priority number.
And if you see here, so, the
ingress load balancer name
for all these three things is going to
be same ingress groups demo.
So which means this load balancer named related
annotation will be there in all three files
and you'll have the name as ingress groups demo.
But the name of your ingress service, right
in the metadata you provide the name, right?
So that can be app one ingress or app two ingress
or app three ingress whatever,
based on your ingress service name.
But all these things will be connected
to a single load balancer, which is ingress groups demo.
And all these three things will have a same ingress group
which is my apps dot web.
So now let's move on to next thing.
So let's understand a little bit here.
Ingress Group feature enables you to
group multiple ingress resources together.
So the controller will automatically merge ingress rules
for all ingresses within ingress group
and support them with the single application load balancer.
And very, very important note here is in addition
most annotations defined on an ingress only applies
to the paths defined by that ingress.
And finally, so this is the sample.
So for the ingress groups, you are going to
use the group dot name and also group dot order.
In every ingress resource you are going to add these two
annotations and provide that ingress resource belongs to
which group and also what is the priority
of that ingress resource.
So in our case, in 0 8 2 ingress group section, we are
in Kube manifest.
We are going to have app one folder, app two folder
and app three folder.
And in app one folder you will have
the 0 1 SNCs app, one deployment and note port service.
And it's 0 2 app one ingress dot yaml.
Same for app two, 0 1 SNCs app two deployment
and note port service and 0 2 app two ingress.
So in app one ingress
you'll have only app fund related rules.
And in app two ingress you'll have only
app two related rules.
And in app three you'll have only app three related rules.
So three ingress Kubernetes manifest creates three
ingress resources in Kubernetes and
all three will be merged to create a single
AWS application load balancer.
That's what is the core concept here.
This completes the introductory part of ingress groups.
In our next lecture, we are going to go ahead
and then review this cube manifest
and then practically implement the use case.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.